docs/about.md, before:

---
title: About the Joint MUSE/IRIS science team meeting
---

# About the Joint MUSE/IRIS science team meeting

## What is the Joint MUSE/IRIS science team meeting?

Our current understanding of the solar chromosphere, transition region, and corona is rapidly evolving, fueled by increasingly advanced simulations of the coupled solar atmosphere and unprecedented high-resolution observations from ground-based (e.g., SST, DKIST) and space-based (e.g., IRIS, Solar Orbiter/EUI) telescopes.

The purpose of this meeting is to advance our knowledge of the dominant processes driving solar dynamics and heating—and to develop next-generation models—it is essential to rigorously compare simulations with observations, focusing on resolving discrepancies between observed and synthetic spectra.

This joint team meeting provides a dynamic forum for critical comparison, highlighting recent breakthroughs, identifying missing physics, and charting paths toward more realistic simulations, with particular attention to IRIS and the upcoming MUSE mission.

## LOC

* Rebecca Robinson [co-chair]
* Vishal Upendran [co-chair]
* Gabriele Cozzo
* Juan Martinez Sykora
* Juraj Lorincik
* Kyuhyoun Cho
* Nabil Freij
* Souvik Bose

## SOC

* Amy Winebarger
* Bart De Pontieu
* Fabio Reale
* Juan Martinez-Sykora
* Marco Stangalini
* Mark Cheung
* Paola Testa

## Contact Us

Please feel free to email [joint-museiris-science-team-meeting@googlegroups.com](mailto:joint-museiris-science-team-meeting@googlegroups.com) with any questions.

## Code of Conduct

Provide one.

Commit message:

updated the about with ncts

docs/about.md, after:

---
title: About the Joint MUSE/IRIS science team meeting
---

# About the Joint MUSE/IRIS science team meeting

The meeting will be held at the SETI institute in Mountain View, CA, not far (about 20 min car ride) from LMSAL in Palo Alto, CA.
The meeting has no registration fees, and is by invitation only.

**NOTE**: This will be a MUSE and IRIS science team meeting, directly in support to the operations of the missions, and is NOT a conference.
Therefore, for NASA-funded people, this meeting does not need to be entered into the NCTS system for approval.

## LOC

* Rebecca Robinson [co-chair]
* Vishal Upendran [co-chair]
* Gabriele Cozzo
* Juan Martinez Sykora
* Juraj Lorincik
* Kyuhyoun Cho
* Nabil Freij
* Souvik Bose

## SOC

* Amy Winebarger
* Bart De Pontieu
* Fabio Reale
* Juan Martinez-Sykora
* Marco Stangalini
* Mark Cheung
* Paola Testa

## Contact Us

Please feel free to email [joint-museiris-science-team-meeting@googlegroups.com](mailto:joint-museiris-science-team-meeting@googlegroups.com) with any questions.

## Code of Conduct

Provide one.
