docs/useful_info.md, before:

---
title: Useful Information
---

# Useful Information

## Venue

The Joint MUSE/IRIS science team meeting is being held at the [SETI Institute's main office](https://www.seti.org/) in Mountain View, California, USA:

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3170.083339471682!2d-122.05298182226575!3d37.38786133435045!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x808fb6e2997b9de1%3A0x4adaa567123ea049!2sSETI%20Institute!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1745975057227!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

## Hotels

We will not book accommodation for participants.
Conference attendees are free to choose from a variety of hotels or motels located close to the conference venue, many of which are located on the N Mathilda Ave in Sunnyvale.
Facilities commonly used by SETI visitors include:

* [Sonesta ES Suites Sunnyvale - 900 Hamlin Ct, Sunnyvale, CA 94089](https://www.sonesta.com/sonesta-es-suites/ca/sunnyvale/sonesta-es-suites-sunnyvale)

SETI institute has a negotiated rate with Sonesta, currently at $189 + tax/fees for a single suite and $229 for a double suite for a limited number of rooms.
The price can only be warranted if the booking is made up to 30 days prior to the meeting. Participants will receive a booking code upon request.

* [Larkspur Landing Sunnyvale - 748 N Mathilda Ave, Sunnyvale, CA, 94086](https://www.hotelzico.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=business_listing)

Rates start at $195 + tax/fees for a single queen bed studio (at time of writing).

* [Hotel Zico - 200 E El Camino Real, Mountain View, CA, 94040](https://www.larkspurhotels.com/sunnyvale?utm_source=google-gbp&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp)

Rates start at $232 + tax/fees for a single queen bed room (at time of writing).

Please note that 3rd party retailers might offer different rates for these options.
The rates might also increase as time gets closer to the start date.

## Food

Lunch options are very limited close to SETI facilities.
Therefore, on-site lunch will be arranged for interested participants.
We are still working on the logistics, but we anticipate each meal to cost around $30 per person.
Please fill the lunch section in the registration form.

Neither breakfast nor dinner will be provided.

## Transportation

Larkspur offers local shuttle.
Reservation on-site is required and the shuttle is based on availability.

Public transportation between the hotels listed above and the SETI institute is inconvenient.
The bus schedule is limited, unreliable, and the commute involves at least a 30 minute walk to the bus stop from either Sonesta or Larkspur.
Routes can be planned via Google Maps, attendees are encouraged to check the bus (lines 21 & 523) schedule closer to the meeting.

We encourage the conference attendees to rent a car and/or coordinate with others who will do so.
The attendees are free to park at the SETI carpark.
Both Uber and Lyft operate in the area and are convenient.

Commit message:

Update useful_info.md (#52)
* Update useful_info.md

* [pre-commit.ci] auto fixes from pre-commit.com hooks

for more information, see https://pre-commit.ci

---------

Co-authored-by: pre-commit-ci[bot] <66853113+pre-commit-ci[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/useful_info.md, after:

---
title: Useful Information
---

# Useful Information

## Venue

The Joint MUSE/IRIS science team meeting is being held at the [SETI Institute's main office](https://www.seti.org/) in Mountain View, California, USA:

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3170.083339471682!2d-122.05298182226575!3d37.38786133435045!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x808fb6e2997b9de1%3A0x4adaa567123ea049!2sSETI%20Institute!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1745975057227!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

## Hotels

We will not book accommodation for participants.
Conference attendees are free to choose from a variety of hotels or motels located close to the conference venue, many of which are located on the N Mathilda Ave in Sunnyvale.
Facilities commonly used by SETI visitors include:

* [Sonesta ES Suites Sunnyvale - 900 Hamlin Ct, Sunnyvale, CA 94089](https://www.sonesta.com/sonesta-es-suites/ca/sunnyvale/sonesta-es-suites-sunnyvale)

SETI institute has a negotiated rate with Sonesta, currently at $189 + tax/fees for a single suite and $229 for a double suite for a limited number of rooms.
The price can only be warranted if the booking is made up to 30 days prior to the meeting. Participants will receive a booking code upon request.

* [Larkspur Landing Sunnyvale - 748 N Mathilda Ave, Sunnyvale, CA, 94086](https://www.hotelzico.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=business_listing)

Rates start at $195 + tax/fees for a single queen bed studio.

* [Hotel Zico - 200 E El Camino Real, Mountain View, CA, 94040](https://www.larkspurhotels.com/sunnyvale?utm_source=google-gbp&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp)

Rates start at $232 + tax/fees for a single queen bed room.

* [Travel Inn Sunnyvale - 590 N Mathilda Ave, Sunnyvale, CA, 94086](https://www.innsight.com/ibe/Sunnyvale/travelinnsunnyvale/reservations?room_check_in=2025-10-26&room_check_out=2025-10-31&promo_code=&rooms=1&room1=1)

Rates start at $110 + tax/fees for a single king bed room.

The rates are valid at the time of website's update and they might increase as time gets closer to the meeting start date. Please note that 3rd party retailers might offer different rates for these options.

## Food

Lunch options are very limited close to SETI facilities.
Therefore, on-site lunch will be arranged for interested participants.
We are still working on the logistics, but we anticipate each meal to cost around $30 per person.
Please fill the lunch section in the registration form.

Neither breakfast nor dinner will be provided.

## Transportation

Larkspur and Sonesta offer local shuttle. Reservation on-site is required and the shuttle is based on availability.

Public transportation between certain hotels in the area and the SETI institute is inconvenient. The bus schedule is limited and can be unreliable. Guests staying in hotels at N Mathilda Ave in Sunnyvale can take the bus line 21 from Maude & Matilda to Logue & Matilda and then walk ca. 20 minutes to the SETI institute. Routes can be planned via Google Maps, attendees are encouraged to check the schedules (buses 21, 523, Orange Line) closer to the meeting.

We encourage the conference attendees to rent a car and/or coordinate with others who will do so.
The attendees are free to park at the SETI carpark.
Both Uber and Lyft operate in the area and are convenient.
